FUZZY PUZZLE
Simon Zogheib

For my first project, I was trying to come up with an interface that will use jQuery and jQuery UI as the primary form of display and interaction. After looking thru, the API documentations and reading bout the different functions and options and also keeping in mind the material that we saw in class, I decided to focus on the draggable and droppable interactions and try to come up with a simple interacting game, that would also demonstrate in a way the Sisyphus punishment.
So I cam up with Fuzzy Puzzle, the main idea behind the game is that you will have to drag 4 mixed pieces of a puzzle from a draggable area, and drop them in a droppable area in a arranged way to achieve and complete the puzzle properly, but little the players know that once you will have the 4 pieces placed in their respective place, they will all animate out of the droppable area and the game will give you a pop-pup message saying that this should be an easy task and making the player try again over and over, thus the Sisyphus effect where you will try over and over without never being able to complete the puzzle.
To achieve this I used the jQuery and jQuery UI libraries in my code , I linked the libraries in my html code in addition to the css stylesheet for the jQuery UI. My html mainly consists of divs for the draggable area and divs for the droppable one. In the script and in the document ready function I loaded all my sounds in addition to a custom cursor and created an on click function to toggle between the
start screen and the game screen. In addition to setting up the draggable elements and the droppable elements and matching them so the proper draggable will be able to be placed in its respective droppable. To achieve this, I looked and studied different codes and especially the CRAPY NAILS game, which helped me understand and achieve my intentions.
After achieving the draggable and droppable part of my game, I needed to create an interaction , that would take the draggables out of their position once the 4 of them where placed, so I created an if statement that would check if the number of draggables dropped got to 4, if so it will change the position of the draggables with an easeOutElastic animation, it will also play a Oh NO sound,  open a dialog widget and re-enable the dragging option on the draggable divs and finally it will reset the dragged number to 0. Which will create the Sisyphus punishment loop effect of not being able to ever complete the puzzle.
